# sdd-projectone
I created a GitHub page to meet and prove the project log / working diary requirement. The goal of this log website is to make Numerous and thorough log entries, with clear demonstration of a pregressive workflow throughout the games development. The game I will be creating will definitely be a text based RPG in python with an engaging story line, working inventory, combat, navigation and allows the user to enjoy a game experience similar to ZORK and other DOS text adventures.   3:09PM 23/2/2018

I made an ideas file in my gibhub named Ideas File. The 2/3/2018 entry shows what I have done today. To summarise i have gathered resouces on classes.. but while i do this i created a list of classes to make and developed and planned the functionalities of the game. I plan for the character to be able to monitor their current health, their inventory, interact with objects in a certain order that will effect the ending of the game aswell as a dynamic experience to the game. 3/3/2018

I have successfully learnt about uses and application of classes and functions within a game and in python. This youtube video has helped me really well. "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=POQIIKb1BZA" in learning this concept. I have created 2 python files named mustangClassTest.py and gameClassTest.py which also help facilitate my understanding. The development of the project is travelling at a slow rate, but its pace will increase as I get more lessons to work on it. I have created my first class and a game_start() function inside of Game.py . The game_start function will be called as soon as the game starts, will create a player instance, name that player and narrate the stories plot. I plan to do a few more things within game_start() but will conclude on this later. 15/03/18

Another Major commit, lots of stuff acomplished over the week. Inventory working, title card working, choice system working and even some invalid user input checking logic was implemented and deemed working. Almost got room_one completed. Hald the choices and options of room one are done. Room one should be the hardest as it is the room where i fully fledge out the Player Class and give it most of its necessary attributes. Inventory, lists and dictionaries was something i had to research, using this website; https://www.tutorialspoint.com/python/python_lists.htm . 2 new functions; title_art and room_1. title_art prints out the title card in ACII art and room_1 initialises all the code for the first room. I made a python file named inventoryTest to see how dictionaries interact with different commands, within classes, within functions and how to call them and modify them, i still need to implement and research mor etheory into the game to get full functionality in. Game wise, progress is good. I think I am about a quarter the way done when it comes to code size. Next week i plan to finish room_1 and get started into room_2, there should be combat in room_2, i also plan to the player travel between rooms at will. 17/03/18
